Scrum:
sprint - each iteration in scrum
product backlog - overall set of features yet-to-be-develiped
sprint backlog - set of features to be developed for each sprint

There are 2 sprints and a final project demonstration.

We have to define a "Product Owner". Product Owner is accountable
for coordinating team's efforts/setting project goals for each sprint.

To submit:
- Complete list of all functionality. English description of each action (<- product backlog)
  We should group these features into matching sections
- A complete implementation of data models (a completed models.py file)
- Complete set of wireframes (or HTML)
- Complete list of functionality to be completed in first sprint + how work is allocated (<- sprint backlog)

Create separate files for product backlog and sprint backlog

Response to feedback:
Arthur - Simulated on server side

Necessary HTML Pages:
1) Registration/Login
2) Forgot password confirmation (the forgot password email link)
3) Registration confirmation (the registration email link)
4) View/edit profile page. User can update account information as well as button to upgrade their account.
5) Payment page to upgrade account.
6) The payment confirmation page.
7) Home screen showing list of current projects (has a create project, open existing projects, upload
   projects button). This also has a link to the view/edit profile page. This also has a search bar to
   look for various files. The search bar should also have a options menu on the side where the user
   can select what to search by.
8) Simulation page: main memory (pc and sp arrow). cancel, disassemble, run, step. Text box for programming code.
   Freeze text box when running. CC registers. Registers. 
9) User search page of results. This should probably contain a javascript written preview page.
   Have options to save.

Notes:
Not required: 6 and 7) we will work on a account status if time permits. This means there is no account
				 discrimination.
				 
Sprint 1:
- Registration, login/out, edit/view profile, password stuff, upload/save files, search files
  Basically everything except for the processor
Sprint 2:
- Implement the ISA. ie. run, stop, breakpoints
Final:
- Look into adding additional features/cleanup